[Term Entry] PyTorch Tensor Operations: .tile() (#6117)
Codecademy/docs: content/pytorch/concepts/tensor-operations/terms/tile/tile.md

---
Title: '.tile()'

> Description: 'Creates a new tensor by repeating the elements in the given tensor.'

Reviewer: More precise description would be - 

```suggestion
Description: 'Creates a new tensor by repeating the elements of an existing tensor along specified dimensions.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'AI'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'AI'
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Deep Learning'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-py-torch-and-neural-networks'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> In PyTorch, the **`.tile()`** function creates a new [tensor](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/pytorch/tensors) by repeating the elements in the given tensor. This function is part of the `torch` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PyTorch, the **`torch.tile()`** function generates a new [tensor](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/pytorch/tensors) by repeating the elements of an existing tensor along specified dimensions. This function is available in the torch module and allows element-wise repetition along multiple dimensions.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> torch.tile(ten, dims)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
torch.tile(input, dims)
```

```

- `input`: The input tensor to be repeated.

> - `dims`: A tuple specifying the number of times the tensor is to be repeated along each dimension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dims`: A tuple specifying the number of times the tensor is to be repeated along each dimension. The length of `dims` must match the number of dimensions in `input`.
```
